= FeatureBox

FeatureBox is a feature request service written using Ruby on Rails framework.
It is an open source analog of VoteBox[http://www.dropbox.com/votebox] - part of the DropBox

It uses popular gems like *CanCan* and *Devise* and designed to be flexible and customizable.
If you already use these gems in your web applications it becomes very easy to integrate them with FeatureBox.

Take a look at the demo here: http://featurebox.me

== Installation
===Basic steps

Edit your *Gemfile* to add a dependency on the feature_box gem.
  gem 'feature_box'

Update dependencies 
  bundle update

Before moving any further you will need to choose the right generator.
There are two of them: one for existing app and one for standalone installation.

The main difference is that standalone generator creates a new User model, installs and configures *Devise*. It is meant to run on a clean rails app and that's why it is called standalone. Use this generator to test FeatureBox or if your application doesn't have any User models.

If you installing FeatureBox on existing app you might want to keep existing users and this is situation when you have to use generator for existing application.


=== Standalone
This will create User model, install Devise, run migrations and everything.

Create a new Rails App if you haven't done this yet.
  rails new standalone

Delete that default index page, I suppose you don't need it.
  rm public/index.html

Perform basic steps from above.

Install FeatureBox:
  rails g feature_box:standalone


=== Existing Application
Make sure you have User model in your application.
Install Devise on it if you haven't done this yet.

Install FeatureBox with just one command:
  rails g feature_box:existing

If you don't want to rely on this smart generator script, check Manual Installation part.


=== Manual Installation

==== Initializer
Use this generator to create a new +config/initializers/feature_box.rb+ file
  rails g feature_box:initializer

==== Routes
Routing is really easy:
  mount FeatureBox::Engine => '/any_path'

*Important!*
In case you already use Devise in your app you have to set *devise_router_name* to *:main_app* in the initializer:
  settings.devise_router_name = :main_app

==== Migrations and Models
To generate migrations use generator
  rails g feature_box:migrations

Here is a list of avaliable migrations:
* 00_create_feature_box_suggestions.rb
* 01_create_feature_box_categories.rb
* 02_create_feature_box_comments.rb
* 03_create_feature_box_votes.rb
* 04_create_feature_box_users.rb
* 05_add_devise_to_feature_box_users.rb
* 06_add_type_to_users.rb

In any case you will need to install migrations 00..03 

Install migrations 04 and 05 if you don't have User model. This is what "standalone" generator does.

Install migration 06 if you already have a User model in your app. This will add :type column to the model and this is important because Rails STI doesn't work without this trick.

*Important!* Make sure you have this line in the initializer:
  settings.devise_parent_model = "User"

Install migrations like you always do:
  rake db:migrate


== Other Things You May Want To Install
=== Views
Use this generator to copy views to your app so you can easily edit them:
  rails g feature_box:views

=== ActionMailer Configuration
It is pretty simple and basically the same as with any other Rails App.
More info coming soon. 


== TODOs
* Correct spelling mistakes. I am not a native speaker and it is really hard for me. Conribute, please.
* Make it work with different model names, like +Person+ or +Account+.
* AJAX Support


== Contribution
I invite everyone who wants to help me with this project.

Share your ideas and thoughts here: http://featurebox.me.

Issues Tracker is available here: http://github.com/petethepig/featurebox/issues.


== License
MIT License. Copyright 2012 {Dmitry Filimonov}[http://dfilimonov.com].
